I have analyzed NFT market and watched more than 10 videos about market of 2023 we have alot changed since last 6 months as it was bull market before 
and people still use bull market tactics thinking they may work and they fail miserably making peoplee feel unlucky but they just don't know they've been 
using wrong and random tactics , NFT marketing require a proper strategy to be successful , i've been seeing people who have succedded and bring out similarities. 


this strategy can be divided in 4 parts as follows:
1. Twitter engagement farming
2. Discord engagement
3. Quantum growth 
4. Maturing

So firstly you just have to create twitter account and inform nft space that our project and our team exist quite simple, right?
but make it attractive and professional and post a few about your project make them interesting and attractive. Audience should feel superior than others
to know about your company, make them feel that your project is potentially great more hopes they'll have more they'll share

you can make story posts about projects as well as avatars, but as analysis show that story posts are more successful , Quality of project do matter.

Secondly you have to create a discord server and form a faithful and loyal community make them feel connected , more friendly it will be more people would love to 
be a part of community as i've analysed '404 Arcane' their discord server engagement was great resulting in a loyal and great community , they engaged by hosting
few among us games and other things like a music contest also giveaways can result in good engagement with followers as they'll add more people

thirdly Quantum Growth , so what i mean here by quantum growth is little and consistent growth , this way the effect will compound up and little by little someday
your NFT project will boom up and become relevant to people and start being sold out quickly , now the question comes how you gon' do this
well you can simply spend tons of money by partnershipping with youtubers or social media influencers
as if their audience buy your project the influencer will be profitted too as value goes high, it profits influencer and you too as you'll become more relevant and get sales
as its bear market and NFT is no longer as profitable as they used to be so people who were here for money as back then in bull
market value use to return profit of 23 times its original value invested. so you can try to go on podcasts and ask influencer to post it on their social media 
collaborating with famous people can be profitable and beneficial ,the amount you'll invest there more will be returned to you also influencers be benefitted
its like advertising only and this can bring a huge amount of crowd.

fourthly keep working on projects and quality as posting storyboards can be better choice than PFPs, Use # hashtags about some stories for example if your project
is about a xbox controller in a cage #freecontroller or something be creative with it , it makes a huge impact , also make an innovative webpage.
Make you growth visible to people as they'll get more hopes about profit of buying your projects or knowing your projects. Take advantage of trencs and hyped things , 
Working slowly isn't effective in Web-3 as the Space is moving very quickly so be faster than everyone else interest in projects change drammatically make sure to adapt
quickly Build hype and momentum , proects should excite the consumer they must go like "WHY I DIDN'T KNOW ABOUT THIS BEFORE????" 
Make people curious and ask questions about projects make them feel like it is their best decision to be a part of the project.
Copy whatever works , Tweets , Project etc. by successful people in NFT , you can copy do some changes and post , it works efficiently or if you wanna be unique still okey
upto you be more creative yet copy whatever works in your own creative space.
Understand the audience and keep maintaining the hype.


 things you should rememeber to have
1. Adaptibility
2. Organic maketing and embedding
3. Being very communicative

next comes audience targetting well its quite complicated in bear market so you should try a few out and which ever brings more progress just use it.

1. Art collectors: Many art collectors are interested in purchasing NFTs as a way to own and collect unique, digital art pieces.
         These individuals may be willing to pay a premium for NFTs that are rare or created by well-known artists.
2. Tech-savvy individuals: NFTs are built on blockchain technology, which means that they have the potential to appeal to individuals who are interested in or knowledgeable about technology.
   These individuals may be more likely to understand the value and potential of NFTs, and may be willing to invest in them.
3. Interviews: Interviews involve speaking one-on-one with people to gather information about their attitudes, behaviors, and opinions. 
   Interviews can be conducted in person, over the phone, or online.
4. Observations: Observations involve watching and documenting people's behaviors in a natural setting.
   Observations can be used to gather data about how people use a product or service, or to understand their behaviors and habits.
   
   Thanks!
   
